# Item Manager Springboot Application
This is a simple Springboot Application that allows you to create, update, read 
and delete items.

## Available Operations

Get all items:
```GET /items```
Get item by id:
```GET /items/{id}```
Create new item:
```POST /items```
Update item by id:
```PUT /items{id}```
Delete item by id:
```DELETE /items{id}```
Delete all items:
```DELETE /items```

## Prerequisites
You need to have the following installed and running before going any further:
- Docker Desktop
- Gradle
- Java

## Creating the Image & Running
To build image navigate to the base directory of the application (~/itemmanager)
and run the following command 
```
docker build --tag=itemmanager:latest .
```
This command will create a new image using the configuration in the Dockerfile.

To run the application execute this command:
```
docker run -p 3000:8080 itemmanager 
```
This will startup the application on port `3000`. Note we can change this port
to whatever we like. Internally the application code is listening on port `8080`
but externally the docker container is exposing port `3000` and our requests are forwarded
to port `8080`.


# Assumptions
1. Anyone can access any of the items.
2. Items can be added, updated or deleted by anyone.
3. Items only have a name and id. Id is autogenerated by code while name is given by user.
4. Item names are not unique while item id's are.

# Stuff to Add
1. Swagger doc for api documentation. 
2. Validation of requests.
3. Throw errors when id not found/incorrect.
4. Add user authentication.
5. Filter items by name.
6. Fix docker-compose file to run postgres + application.
7. Postgres database to store and retrieve data from a central data store.
8. Dao class to connect with and query db.
9. Unit tests for all classes to ensure code works as expected.